README.md, before:

## Detector-descriptor benchmark

This is a benchmark for evaluation of state-of-the-art detector and descriptor algorithms, a source code for the "On the Comparison of Classic and Deep Keypoint Detector and Descriptor Methods" paper published on [ISPA](https://www.isispa.org/) conference: https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10000 [[1]](#refs).

### HPSequences dataset

![hpsequences](assets/sequences.png)

Download dataset: [HPSequences dataset](http://icvl.ee.ic.ac.uk/vbalnt/hpatches/hpatches-sequences-release.tar.gz) [1.3GB]

Place the directory in a convenient location. The folder `hpatches-sequences-release` contains all the 116 directories, 57 of which represent  only  photometric  changes,  whereas 59 represent only geometric deformations. Each sequence consists of one reference image and 5 target images representing the appropriate illumination or viewpoint changes. Alongisde every target image there is a homography connecting it to the reference image (stored in files `H_1_<seq_num>`). In case of an illumination change  sequence,  the  homography  is  an  identity  mapping.

The sequence folders are named with the following convention:

* `i_X`: image sequences with illumination changes
* `v_X`: image sequences with viewpoint changes

### Results

![results](assets/results.png)

### Remarks

This benchmark is based on the HPatches evaluation tasks [[2]](#refs) and HPSequences dataset published along with it ([HPatches dataset repository](https://github.com/hpatches/hpatches-dataset)). Thanks to the authors for providing the dataset and the evaluation details.

### References
<a name="refs"></a>

[1] *On the Comparison of Classic and Deep Keypoint Detector and Descriptor Methods*, Kristijan Bartol*, David Bojanić*, Tomislav Pribanić, Tomislav Petković, Yago Diez Donoso, Joaquim Salvi Mas, ISPA 2019.
*Authors contributed equally.

[2] *HPatches: A benchmark and evaluation of handcrafted and learned local descriptors*, Vassileios Balntas*, Karel Lenc*, Andrea Vedaldi and Krystian Mikolajczyk, CVPR 2017.
*Authors contributed equally.

Commit message:

Update README.md with ALIKE results

README.md, after:

## Detector-descriptor benchmark

This is a benchmark for evaluation of state-of-the-art detector and descriptor algorithms, a source code for the "On the Comparison of Classic and Deep Keypoint Detector and Descriptor Methods" paper published on [ISPA](https://www.isispa.org/) conference: https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.10000 [[1]](#refs).

### HPSequences dataset

![hpsequences](assets/sequences.png)

Download dataset: [HPSequences dataset](http://icvl.ee.ic.ac.uk/vbalnt/hpatches/hpatches-sequences-release.tar.gz) [1.3GB]

Place the directory in a convenient location. The folder `hpatches-sequences-release` contains all the 116 directories, 57 of which represent  only  photometric  changes,  whereas 59 represent only geometric deformations. Each sequence consists of one reference image and 5 target images representing the appropriate illumination or viewpoint changes. Alongisde every target image there is a homography connecting it to the reference image (stored in files `H_1_<seq_num>`). In case of an illumination change  sequence,  the  homography  is  an  identity  mapping.

The sequence folders are named with the following convention:

* `i_X`: image sequences with illumination changes
* `v_X`: image sequences with viewpoint changes

🚧 The results have been updated with the ALIKE algorithm 🚧
### Results

![results](assets/results_updated.png)

### Remarks

This benchmark is based on the HPatches evaluation tasks [[2]](#refs) and HPSequences dataset published along with it ([HPatches dataset repository](https://github.com/hpatches/hpatches-dataset)). Thanks to the authors for providing the dataset and the evaluation details.

### References
<a name="refs"></a>

[1] *On the Comparison of Classic and Deep Keypoint Detector and Descriptor Methods*, Kristijan Bartol*, David Bojanić*, Tomislav Pribanić, Tomislav Petković, Yago Diez Donoso, Joaquim Salvi Mas, ISPA 2019.
*Authors contributed equally.

[2] *HPatches: A benchmark and evaluation of handcrafted and learned local descriptors*, Vassileios Balntas*, Karel Lenc*, Andrea Vedaldi and Krystian Mikolajczyk, CVPR 2017.
*Authors contributed equally.
